README.md, before:

# Cursor Chat Logger and Viewer

Cursor doesn't timestamp chat entries. This fixes that.

Silently tracks all Cursor AI interactions across every
project with timestamps, conversation IDs, user prompts,
agent thinking, and agent responses. No database required --
plain text logs per project.

**Copy 1 file. Edit 1 file. Done.**

No agent rules, no system prompts, no per-project config.
The hooks capture everything at the infrastructure level.

## Preview

**Dashboard** -- project cards with time estimates, activity
heatmap, and recent prompts across all projects:

![Dashboard overview](screenshots/log-viewer-overview.png)

**Project detail** -- conversation-style display with user
prompts, thinking duration, and markdown-rendered agent
responses with smart truncation:

![Project chat view](screenshots/log-viewer-project-chat-view.png)

## What You Get

- Every user prompt (U), agent thinking block (T), and
  agent response (A) logged automatically
- Conversation and generation IDs to group related entries
- A self-contained web viewer with dashboard, heatmap,
  session grouping, and conversation-style display
- Markdown rendering in agent responses via Showdown.js
- Smart truncation that preserves the beginning and ending
  of long agent responses

## Requirements

- macOS (uses `~/.cursor/` for hooks and log storage)
- PHP in PATH (Laravel Herd, Homebrew, or any PHP install)
- Cursor IDE 2.5+

## Install

### 1. Copy audit.php

```bash
mkdir -p ~/.cursor/hooks
cp audit.php ~/.cursor/hooks/audit.php
```

### 2. Add hooks to ~/.cursor/hooks.json

If the file does not exist, copy the included one:

```bash
cp hooks.json ~/.cursor/hooks.json
```

If you already have a `hooks.json`, add the audit command to
all three hook arrays:

```json
{
  "version": 1,
  "hooks": {
    "beforeSubmitPrompt": [
      { "command": "php ~/.cursor/hooks/audit.php" }
    ],
    "afterAgentThought": [
      { "command": "php ~/.cursor/hooks/audit.php" }
    ],
    "afterAgentResponse": [
      { "command": "php ~/.cursor/hooks/audit.php" }
    ]
  }
}
```

### 3. Restart Cursor

Hooks are loaded on startup. Restart Cursor for the new
hooks to take effect.

That is it.

## Configuration

Open `~/.cursor/hooks/audit.php` and adjust the setting at
the top:

```php
$truncation_length = 240;
```

- Default `240` keeps logs compact (~one tweet per entry)
- Increase to `500`, `1000`, or higher for more context
- Set to `10000`+ if storage is not a concern and you want
  near-full captures

## Log Location

```
~/.cursor/transcript_logs/{project-slug}.txt
```

Project slug is derived from your workspace path. Example:
a project at `/Users/you/Herd/my-app` produces
`Users-you-Herd-my-app.txt`.

## Log Format

Three entry types, pipe-delimited:

```
[YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS]|{epoch}|{conv_id}|{gen_id}|U|{user_prompt}
[YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS]|{epoch}|{conv_id}|{gen_id}|T|{duration_ms}|{thinking_text}
[YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS]|{epoch}|{conv_id}|{gen_id}|A|{agent_response}
```

| Type | Hook Event | Content |
|------|-----------|---------|
| U | beforeSubmitPrompt | What the user asked (truncated) |
| T | afterAgentThought | Agent thinking (truncated), with duration in ms |
| A | afterAgentResponse | Smart truncated: first N chars + last 2 sentences |

| Field | Purpose |
|-------|---------|
| Timestamp | Human-readable local time |
| Unix epoch | For timeblock math without date parsing |
| Conversation ID | Groups entries into chat sessions |
| Generation ID | Links T+A entries to their U prompt |

Example:

```
[2026-02-25 10:31:15]|1740522675|ec63...|b93b...|U|Steve is working on creating brand new endpoints for us...
[2026-02-25 10:34:20]|1740522860|ec63...|b93b...|T|29696|Steve created a brand new custom API endpoint for deposits!...
[2026-02-25 10:34:23]|1740522863|ec63...|b93b...|A|Clean across the board -- no stale references... [..] ...test adding lines to our deposit.
```

## Log Viewer

Run the self-contained viewer from anywhere:

```bash
php -S localhost:8899 log-viewer.php
```

Features:
- Dashboard with project cards, activity heatmap, and
  recent prompts
- Project detail with day-by-day breakdown and expandable
  sessions
- Conversation-style display: User prompt, Thinking
  duration, Agent response
- Markdown rendering in agent responses (code, bold,
  lists, tables)
- Smart truncation separator `[..]` rendered as a visual
  break
- Configurable gap threshold for session grouping
  (15m / 30m / 1h)
- Date range filtering

## Storage Estimates

At default truncation (240 chars), each interaction
produces roughly 750 bytes (U + T + A lines). Estimates
for heavy usage (50 interactions/day):

| Period | Size per project |
|--------|-----------------|
| Day | ~37 KB |
| Month | ~1.1 MB |
| Year | ~13 MB |

## Troubleshooting

- **Logs not appearing**: Verify `php` is in your PATH
  (`which php`). Herd users have this automatically.
- **Wrong timezone**: PHP uses system timezone by default.
  Set `date.timezone` in `php.ini` if needed.
- **Hooks not firing**: Restart Cursor after creating or
  modifying `~/.cursor/hooks.json`.
- **Missing thinking entries**: Not all models produce
  thinking blocks. The viewer handles U+A pairs without T.

## License

MIT

---

Made with pizza by BakeMorePies

Commit message:

docs: add Laravel Herd hosting option for log viewer

README.md, after:

# Cursor Chat Logger and Viewer

Cursor doesn't timestamp chat entries. This fixes that.

Silently tracks all Cursor AI interactions across every
project with timestamps, conversation IDs, user prompts,
agent thinking, and agent responses. No database required --
plain text logs per project.

**Copy 1 file. Edit 1 file. Done.**

No agent rules, no system prompts, no per-project config.
The hooks capture everything at the infrastructure level.

## Preview

**Dashboard** -- project cards with time estimates, activity
heatmap, and recent prompts across all projects:

![Dashboard overview](screenshots/log-viewer-overview.png)

**Project detail** -- conversation-style display with user
prompts, thinking duration, and markdown-rendered agent
responses with smart truncation:

![Project chat view](screenshots/log-viewer-project-chat-view.png)

## What You Get

- Every user prompt (U), agent thinking block (T), and
  agent response (A) logged automatically
- Conversation and generation IDs to group related entries
- A self-contained web viewer with dashboard, heatmap,
  session grouping, and conversation-style display
- Markdown rendering in agent responses via Showdown.js
- Smart truncation that preserves the beginning and ending
  of long agent responses

## Requirements

- macOS (uses `~/.cursor/` for hooks and log storage)
- PHP in PATH (Laravel Herd, Homebrew, or any PHP install)
- Cursor IDE 2.5+

## Install

### 1. Copy audit.php

```bash
mkdir -p ~/.cursor/hooks
cp audit.php ~/.cursor/hooks/audit.php
```

### 2. Add hooks to ~/.cursor/hooks.json

If the file does not exist, copy the included one:

```bash
cp hooks.json ~/.cursor/hooks.json
```

If you already have a `hooks.json`, add the audit command to
all three hook arrays:

```json
{
  "version": 1,
  "hooks": {
    "beforeSubmitPrompt": [
      { "command": "php ~/.cursor/hooks/audit.php" }
    ],
    "afterAgentThought": [
      { "command": "php ~/.cursor/hooks/audit.php" }
    ],
    "afterAgentResponse": [
      { "command": "php ~/.cursor/hooks/audit.php" }
    ]
  }
}
```

### 3. Restart Cursor

Hooks are loaded on startup. Restart Cursor for the new
hooks to take effect.

That is it.

## Configuration

Open `~/.cursor/hooks/audit.php` and adjust the setting at
the top:

```php
$truncation_length = 240;
```

- Default `240` keeps logs compact (~one tweet per entry)
- Increase to `500`, `1000`, or higher for more context
- Set to `10000`+ if storage is not a concern and you want
  near-full captures

## Log Location

```
~/.cursor/transcript_logs/{project-slug}.txt
```

Project slug is derived from your workspace path. Example:
a project at `/Users/you/Herd/my-app` produces
`Users-you-Herd-my-app.txt`.

## Log Format

Three entry types, pipe-delimited:

```
[YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS]|{epoch}|{conv_id}|{gen_id}|U|{user_prompt}
[YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS]|{epoch}|{conv_id}|{gen_id}|T|{duration_ms}|{thinking_text}
[YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS]|{epoch}|{conv_id}|{gen_id}|A|{agent_response}
```

| Type | Hook Event | Content |
|------|-----------|---------|
| U | beforeSubmitPrompt | What the user asked (truncated) |
| T | afterAgentThought | Agent thinking (truncated), with duration in ms |
| A | afterAgentResponse | Smart truncated: first N chars + last 2 sentences |

| Field | Purpose |
|-------|---------|
| Timestamp | Human-readable local time |
| Unix epoch | For timeblock math without date parsing |
| Conversation ID | Groups entries into chat sessions |
| Generation ID | Links T+A entries to their U prompt |

Example:

```
[2026-02-25 10:31:15]|1740522675|ec63...|b93b...|U|Steve is working on creating brand new endpoints for us...
[2026-02-25 10:34:20]|1740522860|ec63...|b93b...|T|29696|Steve created a brand new custom API endpoint for deposits!...
[2026-02-25 10:34:23]|1740522863|ec63...|b93b...|A|Clean across the board -- no stale references... [..] ...test adding lines to our deposit.
```

## Log Viewer

### Option A: Laravel Herd (always-on local domain)

If you use [Laravel Herd](https://herd.laravel.com), the
viewer can run as a parked site with no manual server:

```bash
mkdir -p ~/Herd/log-viewer
cp log-viewer.php ~/Herd/log-viewer/index.php
```

Visit **http://log-viewer.test** -- Herd handles the
domain, SSL, and PHP automatically. No ports to remember,
no process to start.

### Option B: PHP built-in server

Run from anywhere, no install required:

```bash
php -S localhost:8899 log-viewer.php
```

### Features
- Dashboard with project cards, activity heatmap, and
  recent prompts
- Project detail with day-by-day breakdown and expandable
  sessions
- Conversation-style display: User prompt, Thinking
  duration, Agent response
- Markdown rendering in agent responses (code, bold,
  lists, tables)
- Smart truncation separator `[..]` rendered as a visual
  break
- Configurable gap threshold for session grouping
  (15m / 30m / 1h)
- Date range filtering

## Storage Estimates

At default truncation (240 chars), each interaction
produces roughly 750 bytes (U + T + A lines). Estimates
for heavy usage (50 interactions/day):

| Period | Size per project |
|--------|-----------------|
| Day | ~37 KB |
| Month | ~1.1 MB |
| Year | ~13 MB |

## Troubleshooting

- **Logs not appearing**: Verify `php` is in your PATH
  (`which php`). Herd users have this automatically.
- **Wrong timezone**: PHP uses system timezone by default.
  Set `date.timezone` in `php.ini` if needed.
- **Hooks not firing**: Restart Cursor after creating or
  modifying `~/.cursor/hooks.json`.
- **Missing thinking entries**: Not all models produce
  thinking blocks. The viewer handles U+A pairs without T.

## License

MIT

---

Made with pizza by BakeMorePies
